TL improvement (#528)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/omot_007.txt

//rどれだけ、私が待ち焦がれた言葉だろう。そして私にとって、運命に立ち向かう勇気と希望を与えてくれる優しさだろう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "どれだけ、私が待ち焦がれた言葉だろう。そして私にとって、運命に立ち向かう勇気と希望を与えてくれる優しさだろう。",

> 			NULL, "How long have I been waiting to hear that? And how much such kindness would give me the courage and hope to challenge fate?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "How long have I been waiting to hear that? And could that kindness give me the courage and hope to challenge fate?", Line_Normal);
```

//r私だって、仲間を信じたい。信じて、頼って、力になってもらいたい。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "私だって、仲間を信じたい。信じて、頼って、力になってもらいたい。",

> 			NULL, "I do want to believe in my friends. I do want to believe in them, rely on them, and accept their help.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I want to believe in my friends. I want to believe in them, rely on them, and accept their help.", Line_Normal);
```

//rまして前の世界で部活メンバーに打ち明けた時と違って、今回は証拠としての『事実』が何もない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "まして前の世界で部活メンバーに打ち明けた時と違って、今回は証拠としての『事実』が何もない。",

> 			NULL, "What is worse, unlike when I confessed to the club members in the previous world, this time I had no \"evidence\" of the truth.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "What's worse, unlike when I confessed to the club members in the previous world, this time I had no \"evidence\" of the truth.", Line_Normal);
```

//r俯きかけた顔を上げて、圭一を見る。圭一はニヤリと笑いながら、親指を立てていた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "俯きかけた顔を上げて、圭一を見る。圭一はニヤリと笑いながら、親指を立てていた。",

> 			NULL, "I stopped hanging and raised my head, then looked up at Keiichi. He was grinning and giving me a thumbs up.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I stopped hanging my head and looked up at Keiichi. He was grinning and giving me a thumbs up.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"...To be honest, I don't understand half of what you said, Rika-chan.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100442", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "それに、さっきからずっと言ってるけど、俺は運命なんてものは、全然信じちゃいない」",

> 			NULL, " And as I said this before, I don't believe in fate at all.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " And as I said before, I don't believe in fate at all.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rこの顔とこの言葉が、私を期待させる。裏切られるかも、という不安と諦めをかき消すように、少しだけ前に進む勇気を与えてくれる。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "この顔とこの言葉が、私を期待させる。裏切られるかも、という不安と諦めをかき消すように、少しだけ前に進む勇気を与えてくれる。",

> 			NULL, "His words and his expression give me hope. He gives me the courage to set aside my anxiety that I may be betrayed and to move forward.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "His words and his expression give me hope. He gives me the courage to set aside my fear of being betrayed and to move forward.", Line_Normal);
```

			NULL, "\"If we just stay here, nothing will get started.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100468", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "それよりも前向きに意見を出し合えば、きっといい方法だって見つかるはずだ」",

> 			NULL, " But if we exchange opinions proactively, I'm sure we'll find a way.\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " But if we're proactive and exchange opinions, I'm sure we'll find a way.\"", Line_Normal);
```

//r人の死を数え切れないほど見てきたけど、…あの時の身を引き裂かれるような光景は、せっかく奮い立った気持ちをしり込みさせるには、十分すぎるものだった。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "人の死を数え切れないほど見てきたけど、…あの時の身を引き裂かれるような光景は、せっかく奮い立った気持ちをしり込みさせるには、十分すぎるものだった。",

> 			NULL, "I've witnessed countless deaths... but that scene that made me feel like my body torn asunder was far too cruel for me to have any enthusiasm left.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I've witnessed countless deaths... but that scene that made me feel like my body torn asunder. It was far too cruel for me to have any enthusiasm left.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそれを思うと、今までなら隠し通すことができた不安と弱気が、私の足をすくませる。固く、強いと信じてきた仲間たちの力と結束が、とても脆いものに見えてしまう。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それを思うと、今までなら隠し通すことができた不安と弱気が、私の足をすくませる。固く、強いと信じてきた仲間たちの力と結束が、とても脆いものに見えてしまう。",

> 			NULL, "When I thought of it like that, the anxiety and cowardice I've kept buried until now paralyzed my legs. My friends' power and bond, that I had believed were strong and firm, were looking quite fragile.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "When I thought of it like that, the anxiety and cowardice I've kept buried until now paralyzed my legs. My friends' power and our bond, which I had believed were strong and firm, were looking quite fragile.", Line_Normal);
```

//rそう答えればいい。それはとても、わかりきった模範解答。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そう答えればいい。それはとても、わかりきった模範解答。",

> 			NULL, "I could've answered just like that. It would've be a completely obvious answer.", Line_Normal);

Author: It would've "been"
My grammar mistake.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I could've answered just like that. It would've been a completely obvious answer.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rしかし俺は、正直に答える。それが、…彼女自身無意識なんだろうけど、俺のことを信頼してありのままを話してくれた梨花ちゃんの心に届く、一番の言葉だと思ったからだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "しかし俺は、正直に答える。それが、…彼女自身無意識なんだろうけど、俺のことを信頼してありのままを話してくれた梨花ちゃんの心に届く、一番の言葉だと思ったからだ。",

> 			NULL, "But I answered honestly instead. Because... Rika-chan trusted me and told her true feelings and I thought it was the best thing I could say to get through to her, although she didn't seem to told that consciously.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "But instead I answered honestly. Because... even though Rika-chan didn't seem conscious of it herself, she trusted me and shared her true feelings. So I thought it was the best thing I could say to get through to her.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#956f6e>圭一</color>", NULL, "<color=#956f6e>Keiichi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 1, "ps3/s14/01/210100477", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「全力で梨花ちゃんのために戦う気持ちに、変わりはない。",

> 			NULL, "\"Of course my desire to fight with all my strength to help you hasn't changed.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"Of course, my desire to fight with all my strength to help you hasn't changed.", Line_WaitForInput);
```
